README.md, before:

# Container-native Virtualization (CNV) Red Hat Summit Demo 2018

This repository contains a setup which is pretty close to the demo seen at Red
Hat Summit 2018.

This includes the eventually modified components:

- KubeVirt
- Client tools
- VM Template
- OpenShift Web Console

This does not include:

- CDI - Due to issues to deploy it robust in a generic setup
  [This script](https://github.com/aglitke/oc-kubevirt-up) also sets up the CDI, but is not as robust.

# Requirements

- [OpenShift Client Tool v3.9.0](https://github.com/openshift/origin/releases/tag/v3.9.0) installed
- [`oc cluster up` configured](https://github.com/openshift/origin/blob/master/docs/cluster_up_down.md)
- [`virtctl` v0.4.1](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt/releases/tag/v0.4.1)
  installed

# Usage

> **Note:** Take a look at the `.logs` file in case of an error

The `oc-kubevirt` script does all necessary steps:

```bash
$ oc-kubevirt
INFO Setting up the CNV Demo
INFO Setting up 'oc cluster up'
INFO Waiting for OpenShift to be fully up
INFO Deploying KubeVirt
INFO Deploying examples
INFO Granting additional permissions
INFO Using demo OpenShift Web Console image
INFO Done, connection details:
Logged into "https://127.0.0.1:8443" as "system:admin" using existing credentials.

You have access to the following projects and can switch between them with 'oc project <projectname>':

    default
    kube-public
    kube-service-catalog
    kube-system
  * myproject
    openshift
    openshift-infra
    openshift-node
    openshift-template-service-broker
    openshift-web-console

Using project "myproject".
Web console URL: https://127.0.0.1:8443/console/

Config is at host directory /var/lib/origin/openshift.local.config
Volumes are at host directory /var/lib/origin/openshift.local.volumes
Persistent volumes are at host directory /var/lib/origin/openshift.local.pv
Data is at host directory /home/bob/cnv/oc-kubevirt-up/_data
```

Commit message:

Note cleaning
Signed-off-by: Fabian Deutsch <fabiand@fedoraproject.org>

README.md, after:

# Container-native Virtualization (CNV) Red Hat Summit Demo 2018

This repository contains a setup which is pretty close to the demo seen at Red
Hat Summit 2018.

This includes the eventually modified components:

- KubeVirt
- Client tools
- VM Template
- OpenShift Web Console

This does not include:

- CDI - Due to issues to deploy it robust in a generic setup
  [This script](https://github.com/aglitke/oc-kubevirt-up) also sets up the CDI, but is not as robust.

# Requirements

- [OpenShift Client Tool v3.9.0](https://github.com/openshift/origin/releases/tag/v3.9.0) installed
- [`oc cluster up` configured](https://github.com/openshift/origin/blob/master/docs/cluster_up_down.md)
- [`virtctl` v0.4.1](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt/releases/tag/v0.4.1)
  installed

# Usage

> **Note:** Take a look at the `.logs` file in case of an error

The `oc-kubevirt` script does all necessary steps:

```bash
$ ./oc-kubevirt
INFO Setting up the CNV Demo
INFO Setting up 'oc cluster up'
INFO Waiting for OpenShift to be fully up
INFO Deploying KubeVirt
INFO Deploying examples
INFO Granting additional permissions
INFO Using demo OpenShift Web Console image
INFO Done, connection details:
Logged into "https://127.0.0.1:8443" as "system:admin" using existing credentials.

You have access to the following projects and can switch between them with 'oc project <projectname>':

    default
    kube-public
    kube-service-catalog
    kube-system
  * myproject
    openshift
    openshift-infra
    openshift-node
    openshift-template-service-broker
    openshift-web-console

Using project "myproject".
Web console URL: https://127.0.0.1:8443/console/

Config is at host directory /var/lib/origin/openshift.local.config
Volumes are at host directory /var/lib/origin/openshift.local.volumes
Persistent volumes are at host directory /var/lib/origin/openshift.local.pv
Data is at host directory /home/bob/cnv/oc-kubevirt-up/_data
```

## Cleanup

> **Note:** This will remove all `oc cluster` related data.

The setup can be cleaned using:

```bash
$ ./oc-cluster clean
```
